Rewrite Companion docs (#5)
transloadit/uppy.io: docs/companion.md

import companion from '@uppy/companion'

const app = express()

// Companion requires body-parser and express-session middleware.
// You can add it like this if you use those throughout your app.
//
// If you are using something else in your app, you can add these
// middlewares in the same subpath as Companion instead.
app.use(bodyParser.json())
app.use(session({ secret: 'some secrety secret' }))

const options = {
  providerOptions: {
    drive: {
      key: 'GOOGLE_DRIVE_KEY',
      secret: 'GOOGLE_DRIVE_SECRET',
    },
  },
  server: {
    host: 'localhost:3020',
    protocol: 'http',
    // This MUST match the path you specify in `app.use()` below:
    path: '/companion',
  },
  filePath: '/path/to/folder/',
}

app.use('/companion', companion.app(options))
```

Companion uses WebSockets to communicate progress, errors, and successes to the client.
This is what Uppy listens to to update it’s internal state and UI, if there is one.

Add the Companion WebSocket server using the `companion.socket` function:

```js
const server = app.listen(PORT)

companion.socket(server)
```

If WebSockets fail for some reason Uppy and Companion will fallback to HTTP polling.

### Standalone

> You can use the standalone version if you want to run Companion as it’s own Node process.
> The standalone version is a configured Express server with sessions, logging, and security best practices.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the standalone version if you want to run Companion as it’s own Node process.
It is a configured Express server with sessions, logging, and security best practices.

Standalone Companion will always run as HTTP and expects a reverse proxy with SSL termination in front of it when running in production. See [`COMPANION_PROTOCOL`](#server) for more information.
```

Companion ships with an excecutable file (`bin/companion`) which is the standalone server.
Unlike the middleware version, options are set via environment variables.

:::info
Checkout [options](#options) for the available options in JS and environment variable formats.
:::

You need at least these three to get started:

```bash
export COMPANION_SECRET="shh!Issa Secret!"
export COMPANION_DOMAIN="YOUR SERVER DOMAIN"
export COMPANION_DATADIR="PATH/TO/DOWNLOAD/DIRECTORY"
```

Then run:

```bash
companion
```

You can also pass in the path to your JSON config file, like so:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::info
Companion will run as http and expects a reverse proxy with SSL termination in front of it when running in production. See `COMPANION_PROTOCOL` [option](#options) for more information.
:::
```

because someone was confused by this here: https://community.transloadit.com/t/companion-generates-redirect-urls-without-ssl/16264

Author: I moved this up, see my other review comment

Use a scope for the companion events at the Redis server.
Setting this option will prefix all events with the name provided and a colon.

#### `server`

Configuation options for the underlying server.

| Key / Env var                            | Value             | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| ---------------------------------------- | ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `protocol` `COMPANION_PROTOCOL`          | `http` or `https` | Used to build a URL to reference the Companion instance itself, which is used for headers and cookies. Companion does not serve SSL certificates, so by default you should use `http`. You want to set this to `https` if you’ve enabled SSL/HTTPS for your domain by running a reverse https-proxy in front of Companion, or with a built-in HTTPS feature of your hosting service, such as Heroku.                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `protocol` `COMPANION_PROTOCOL`          | `http` or `https` | Used to build a URL to reference the Companion instance itself, which is used for headers and cookies. Companion only supports running a HTTP server, however in production HTTPS is usually expected, so you would want to set this to `https` when running in production. You then need to set up a reverse proxy with SSL termination in front of Companion. Many cloud providers have built-in HTTPS termination.                                     |
```

because someone was confused by this here: https://community.transloadit.com/t/companion-generates-redirect-urls-without-ssl/16264

Reviewer: oh, but i'm not sure if we should recommend using `http`, because from a security standpoint, using http without SSL is strongly discouraged, when on the internet. Also not sure if we should recommend Heroku and give them free publicity

Author: Good points! Updated the comment

  metrics: false,
  streamingUpload: true,
  allowLocalUrls: false,
  maxFileSize: 100000000,
  periodicPingUrls: [],
  periodicPingInterval: 60000,
  periodicPingStaticPayload: { static: 'payload' },
  corsOrigins: true,
}
```

</details>

:::tip
The headings display the JS and environment variable options (`option` `ENV_OPTION`).
When integrating Companion into your own server, you pass the options to `companion.app()`.
If you are using the standalone version, you configure Companion using environment variables.
:::

#### `filePath` `COMPANION_DATADIR`

Full path to the directory to which provider files will be downloaded temporarily.

#### `secret` `COMPANION_SECRET`

A secret string which Companion uses to generate authorization tokens.
You should generate a long random string for this. For example:

```js
const crypto = require('crypto')

const secret = crypto.randomBytes(64).toString('hex')
```

:::caution
Omitting the `secret` in the standalone version will generate a secret for you,
using the above `crypto` string. But when integrating with Express you must provide it yourself.
This is an essential security measure.
:::

#### `uploadUrls` `COMPANION_UPLOAD_URLS`

> An allowlist (array) of strings (exact URLs) or regular expressions.
> If specified, Companion will only accept uploads to these URLs.
> This is needed to make sure a Companion instance is only allowed to upload to your servers.
> 
> :::caution
> Omitting this leaves your system open to potential [SSRF](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server-side_request_forgery) attacks,
> and may throw an error in future `@uppy/companion` releases.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An allowlist (array) of strings (exact URLs) or regular expressions. Companion will only accept uploads to these URLs. This ensures that your Companion instance is only allowed to upload to your trusted servers and prevents [SSRF](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server-side_request_forgery) attacks. 
```

Using a secret file instead of [`s3.secret`](#s3secret-companion_aws_secret).
A secret file is a file that only contains the secret.
 
#### `COMPANION_AWS_USE_ACCELERATE_ENDPOINT`

Enable S3 [Transfer Acceleration](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/transfer-acceleration.html).

#### `COMPANION_AWS_EXPIRES`

Set `X-Amz-Expires` query parameter in the presigned urls (in seconds, default: 300).

#### `COMPANION_AWS_ACL`

Set a [Canned ACL](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/acl-overview.html#canned-acl) for uploaded objects.

#### `customProviders`

This option enables you to add custom providers along with the already supported providers.
See [adding custom providers](#how-to-add-custom-providers) for more information.

#### `debug` `COMPANION_DEBUG`

A boolean flag to tell Companion whether to log useful debug information while running.

#### `logClientVersion`

A boolean flag to tell Companion whether to log its version upon startup.

#### `metrics` `COMPANION_HIDE_METRICS`
 
A boolean flag to tell Companion whether to provide an endpoint `/metrics` with Prometheus metrics.

#### `streamingUpload` `COMPANION_STREAMING_UPLOAD`

> A boolean flag to tell Companion whether to enable streaming uploads.
> If enabled, it will lead to _faster uploads_ because companion will start uploading at the same time as downloading using `stream.pipe`.
> If `false`, files will be fully downloaded first, then uploaded.
> Defaults to `false`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A boolean flag to tell Companion whether to enable streaming uploads. If enabled, it will lead to _faster uploads_ because companion will start uploading at the same time as downloading using `stream.pipe`. If `false`, files will be fully downloaded first, then uploaded. Defaults to `false`, but we recommended enabling it, especially if you're expecting to upload large files. In future versions the default might change to `true`.
```

This option should be a function receiving three arguments:

* `req`, the HTTP request, for _regular_ S3 uploads using the `@uppy/aws-s3` plugin.
  This parameter is _not_ available for multipart uploads using the `@uppy/aws-s3-multipart` plugin;
* `filename`, the original name of the uploaded file;
* `metadata`, user-provided metadata for the file.
  See the [`@uppy/aws-s3`](https://uppy.io/docs/aws-s3/#metaFields) docs. The `@uppy/aws-s3-multipart` plugin unconditionally sends all metadata fields, so they all are available here.

This function should return a string `key`.
The `req` parameter can be used to upload to a user-specific folder in your bucket, for example:

```js
app.use(authenticationMiddleware)
app.use(uppy.app({
  providerOptions: {
    s3: {
      getKey: (req, filename, metadata) => `${req.user.id}/${filename}`,
      /* auth options */
    },
  },
}))
```

The default implementation returns the `filename`,
so all files will be uploaded to the root of the bucket as their original file name.

```js
app.use(uppy.app({
  providerOptions: {
    s3: {
      getKey: (req, filename, metadata) => filename,
    },
  },
}))
```

> #### `COMPANION_AWS_SECRET_FILE`

Author: @mifi we need more info on how this is used and what the file should look like. Can you make a suggestion?

Reviewer: seems like it's not in use so i'll remove it

Author: So this should be a relative path to a file with any extension which _only_ contains the secret directly, nothing else?

A `JSON.stringify`-able JavaScript Object that will be sent as part of the JSON body in the period ping requests.

#### `allowLocalUrls` `COMPANION_ALLOW_LOCAL_URLS`

A boolean flag to tell Companion whether to allow requesting local URLs (non-internet IPs).

:::caution
Only enable this in development. **Enabling it in production is a security risk.**
:::

#### `corsOrigins` `COMPANION_CLIENT_ORIGINS`

Allowed CORS Origins (default `true`). 
Passed as the `origin` option in [cors](https://github.com/expressjs/cors#configuration-options))

#### `COMPANION_CLIENT_ORIGINS_REGEX`

Like COMPANION_CLIENT_ORIGINS, but allows a single regex instead.
`COMPANION_CLIENT_ORIGINS` will be ignored if this is used.

#### `chunkSize` `COMPANION_CHUNK_SIZE`

Controls how big the uploaded chunks are for AWS S3 Multipart and Tus.
Smaller values lead to more overhead, but larger values lead to slower retries in case of bad network connections.
Passed to tus-js-client [`chunkSize`](https://github.com/tus/tus-js-client/blob/master/docs/api.md#chunksize) as well as [AWS S3 Multipart](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/latest/AWS/S3.html) `partSize`.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Many environment variables can alternatively be specified using a `_FILE` suffix. In this case the secret will be loaded from a file instead of being specified directly on the command line. This can be useful to prevent accidentally leaking secrets.

Here is a list of the suffixed options: `COMPANION_GOOGLE_SECRET_FILE`, `COMPANION_DROPBOX_SECRET_FILE`, `COMPANION_BOX_SECRET_FILE`, `COMPANION_INSTAGRAM_SECRET_FILE`, `COMPANION_FACEBOOK_SECRET_FILE`, `COMPANION_ONEDRIVE_SECRET_FILE`, `COMPANION_ZOOM_SECRET_FILE`, `COMPANION_ZOOM_VERIFICATION_TOKEN`, `COMPANION_AWS_SECRET_FILE`, `COMPANION_SECRET_FILE`, `COMPANION_PREAUTH_SECRET_FILE`
```

#### `allowLocalUrls` `COMPANION_ALLOW_LOCAL_URLS`

A boolean flag to tell Companion whether to allow requesting local URLs (non-internet IPs).

:::caution
Only enable this in development. **Enabling it in production is a security risk.**
:::

#### `corsOrigins` `COMPANION_CLIENT_ORIGINS`

Allowed CORS Origins (default `true`). 
Passed as the `origin` option in [cors](https://github.com/expressjs/cors#configuration-options))

#### `COMPANION_CLIENT_ORIGINS_REGEX`

Like COMPANION_CLIENT_ORIGINS, but allows a single regex instead.
`COMPANION_CLIENT_ORIGINS` will be ignored if this is used.

#### `chunkSize` `COMPANION_CHUNK_SIZE`

Controls how big the uploaded chunks are for AWS S3 Multipart and Tus.
Smaller values lead to more overhead, but larger values lead to slower retries in case of bad network connections.
Passed to tus-js-client [`chunkSize`](https://github.com/tus/tus-js-client/blob/master/docs/api.md#chunksize) as well as [AWS S3 Multipart](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/latest/AWS/S3.html) `partSize`.

### Standalone only options

These environment variables apply only to Companion running in [standalone mode](#standalone).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### `REDIS_EXPRESS_SESSION_PREFIX`

Set a custom prefix for redis keys created by [connect-redis](https://github.com/tj/connect-redis). Defaults to `sess:`.  Sessions are used for storing authentication state and for allowing thumbnails to be loaded by the browser via Companion.

```

Author: Could we add a small why you would want to change this?

#### `COMPANION_COOKIE_DOMAIN`

Allows you to customize the domain of the cookies created for Express sessions.

#### `COMPANION_ONEDRIVE_DOMAIN_VALIDATION`

Settings this variable to `true` enables a route that can be used to validate your app with OneDrive. Only set this if you are sure that you are also setting the correct value for `COMPANION_ONEDRIVE_KEY` (i.e application ID - **not** the secret!)

#### `COMPANION_HIDE_WELCOME`

Setting this to `true` disables the welcome message shown at `/`.

### Options `_FILE` suffix

> Many environment variables can alternatively be specified using a `_FILE` suffix. In this case the secret will be loaded from a file instead of being specified directly on the command line. This can be useful to prevent accidentally leaking secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many environment variables can alternatively be specified using a `_FILE` suffix. In this case the secret will be loaded from a file instead of being specified directly on the command line. This can be useful to prevent accidentally leaking secrets. The should be an absolute path to a file with any extension which only contains the secret, nothing else.
```

Passed to tus-js-client [`chunkSize`](https://github.com/tus/tus-js-client/blob/master/docs/api.md#chunksize) as well as [AWS S3 Multipart](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/latest/AWS/S3.html) `partSize`.

### Standalone only options

These environment variables apply only to Companion running in [standalone mode](#standalone).

#### `COMPANION_COOKIE_DOMAIN`

Allows you to customize the domain of the cookies created for Express sessions.

#### `COMPANION_ONEDRIVE_DOMAIN_VALIDATION`

Settings this variable to `true` enables a route that can be used to validate your app with OneDrive. Only set this if you are sure that you are also setting the correct value for `COMPANION_ONEDRIVE_KEY` (i.e application ID - **not** the secret!)

#### `COMPANION_HIDE_WELCOME`

Setting this to `true` disables the welcome message shown at `/`.

### Options `_FILE` suffix

Many environment variables can alternatively be specified using a `_FILE` suffix. In this case the secret will be loaded from a file instead of being specified directly on the command line. This can be useful to prevent accidentally leaking secrets.

> Here is a list of the suffixed options: `COMPANION_GOOGLE_SECRET_FILE`, `COMPANION_DROPBOX_SECRET_FILE`, `COMPANION_BOX_SECRET_FILE`, `COMPANION_INSTAGRAM_SECRET_FILE`, `COMPANION_FACEBOOK_SECRET_FILE`, `COMPANION_ONEDRIVE_SECRET_FILE`, `COMPANION_ZOOM_SECRET_FILE`, `COMPANION_ZOOM_VERIFICATION_TOKEN`, `COMPANION_AWS_SECRET_FILE`, `COMPANION_SECRET_FILE`, `COMPANION_PREAUTH_SECRET_FILE`

Reviewer: Shouldn't we document this somewhere?

Author: They were already there, I just de-duplicated them

<img width="993" alt="Screenshot 2022-12-27 at 12 40 43" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9060226/209661466-996af42c-7f8c-432f-a9a5-15bf42029fa9.png">

Reviewer: I believe some of them are missing

Author: Added some missing ones. I still have to document `COMPANION_AWS_SECRET_FILE` and `COMPANION_SECRET_FILE` but I believe they need more explanation because unlike the others, it seems to mean multiple vars per file? How does that need to look then?

Reviewer: Where do you see that they mean multiple vars per file?

Author: somehow thought it would be a replacement for the S3 vars, such as the key. But it's only the secret there too of course. Added the last ones
